Q1 what is transaction in mongodb? and how we can acheive transaction like thing in mongodb?
ANS:

Q how to acheive transactions and locking in mongodb?
https://www.ultimateakash.com/blog-details/IiwzQGAKYAo=/How-to-implement-Transactions-in-Mongoose-&-Node.Js-(Express)

Q what is coverd query in mongodb


Q what is indexing in mongodb and how we can acheive this?
ANS: indexing in mongodb means so fetch a particular data efficiently without examining the entire documents of collection.
to acheive this first we have to create a index then use it


Q what is explain method in mongodb?

Q how do we scale up documents in mongodb?


Q what is core api and callback api in mongodb transactions?

Q what is replica sets and replication in mongodb?

Q What is sharding in mongodb?

Q what is aggregation framwork in mongodb?

Q what is storage engine in mongodb?

Q how to search text from mongodb collections
Ans: here we need to create index functions and inside that function we need to pass over desired fields.....to be continue... also we can use $search like thing.

Q does mongodb support foreign key constraints?

Q what are command syntax in mongodb?

Q what is db.ismaster()



Q what are the various database methods  https://www.mongodb.com/docs/v4.2/reference/method/js-database/   

Q what is ACID transaction in mongodb?
ANS: ACID stands for atomicity consistency isolation and durability. atomicity means all or none in short the transaction have to either fullfiled completely or failed completely there is no oprion for partial transactions availble in atomicity.
the term consistency here means that it should be correct throuhout the process.
the term isolation here means that that any transaction should not have affect on any other transaction.
the term durable here means that that the data that we updated here in transaction have permanently stored it must not be alter in any case in the future once it's store permanently.

Q what is the difference between remove() in delete () in mongodb?
Q what is timestamps and timeseries in mongoose schema?